Attention, Thirteen
Court Guard Squad!
Help is coming, don't despair!
Substitute Soul
Reaper, Ichigo Kurosaki
is on his way here.
(gasping)
His Bankai, it can't
be stolen from him.
It can't?
No kidding.
I like the sound of that!
Ichigo.
That Akon.
How dare he summon him
without my permission?
Once Ichigo gets here,
the tide of battle
will surely turn in our favor.
[Akon] Hold on.
W-What is it, Third Seat Akon?
Something's wrong.
Ichigo Kurosaki's Spiritual
Pressure in the Garganta.
It's gone.
He's not responding, either.
I need you to find out why.
And, send the Secret Remote
Unit to the Senkaimon exit.
Sir.
(grunts)
Jidanbo?
What the hell are you doing?
(distant screaming)
(chuckling)
Damn it!
What the Hell is this thing?
(grunting)
(phone ringing)
Akon!
Hey, sorry!
I've gotten trapped
in some kind of a...
(screaming and crashes)
What the hell?
What's going on there, Akon?
What's happening?
[Hiyosu] Everyone evacuate!
-[Akon] But Hiyosu!
-[Hiyosu] You too, Akon!
Get out!
[Rukia] Department of Research
and Development, come in.
What's going on over there?
-(screaming)
-Rukia.
-[Renji] Damn it! All I hear
-Renji
-are screams and explosions.
-What's happening?
[Akon] We can't win, there's
no way we can defeat them!
-(distant screaming)
-(somber music)
(growl)
Everyone, listen to
me. We can't give up.
Stay strong.
Ichigo will come,
I know he will.
(gasps)
(screaming)
("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
(singing in Japanese)
-("Scar" by Tatsuya Kitani)
-(singing in Japanese)
(distant thuds)
Sounds like that fellow's
going on a real rampage
in there.
But, it won't do him any good.
Because His Majesty
has granted me
the letter "J"!
Quilge Opie, "The Jail!"
So, rampage all you want.
You will never escape
from that prison.
Now, then.
Before all the power I absorbed
from that monster dissipates.
I suppose I should
eliminate you lot as well.
No, wait!
(sword slashes)
(choked gargle)
(gasps)
(body thuds)
Who...
Who did that?
(blade slashes)
[Kisuke] Oh, shit.
(labored breathing)
Damn it, it's no use.
I can't break free of this
even with the Getsuga-tensho!
(gasp) Captain!
Stay back.
I need you to observe the enemy
as we fight.
Try and suss out the
nature of his attack.
If that's the plan, then let
me fight and you observe.
Since my Senbonzakura
has been stolen...
We can't afford to have
you lose your Bankai
as well, Renji.
But, Captain...
I'm going to draw
out his abilities.
Just stay there and
keep your eyes open.
Why is that my limbs feel
as if they were freezing up?
Could it be that
those thorns of light
are coated in some
kind of poison?
You feel it, don't you?
And, you're wondering
if it's poison.
It isn't.
(gasps)
What you're feeling is
something that you lost
so long ago, you
can't even remember.
Retrace your memories.
You became a captain
and you grew strong.
Strong enough to overcome
all your enemies.
No, you haven't
felt this sensation
in a long time.
And yet, it is so
essential to survival.
Do I need to remind
you what it is?
Fear.
The Captain afraid?
No way.
Those who are
struck by my arrows
are beset by fear and doubt.
"What will happen if
I reach for my sword?"
"If I draw it from it's sheath?"
"Should I swing it
up, or swing it down?"
"What if I move my
fingers, or shift my gaze?"
"Do I dare breathe in?
Do I dare breathe out?"
"Any choice I make
could prove fatal."
When every option
seems equally suspect.
It can drive one mad with
indecision, can't it?
(Byakuya growls)
Thus far, you've been
able to keep yourself
from succumbing to it
by sheer force of will.
Very impressive.
You truly are a threat.
But, only a threat.
Hardly enough to inspire fear.
You, on the other hand...
(blade slashes)
Your soul is consumed
by your fear of me.
Ridiculous.
No battle is ever
fought without fear.
But, I accepted that and
overcame my fear of battle
and by doing so, I
gained the strength
to keep moving forward.
And now, I have nothing to fear.
(crunch)
(gasp)
(blade slashes)
Fear can be conquered
with experience.
(coughs)
It's the strongest
and most experienced
who fall the hardest
for that illusion.
The fear you mean,
rational fear, is
easily dealt with.
If you can identify the
cause and remove it.
You remove the fear.
But true fear has no cause.
It is ever-present.
It has no identifiable
source or measurable limits.
It cannot be controlled,
or suppressed.
Because it's not an emotion.
It's an instinct
and like an army of insects...
It crawls over your
body, paralyzing you.
For no matter how hard we try.
We cannot escape our instincts.
(shouting)
(blade slashing)
Huh?
What?
(both gasp)
(soft music)
(gasp) My brother?
(shards shattering)
(gasps)
(groaning)
There is nothing you can do.
We both know you can't
defeat your own Bankai
using just your Shikai.
(Renji grunts) You
thieving little rat!
You're not worthy of
the captain's Bankai!
Brother!
Is she really going
to turn her back on me
in the middle of a fight?
That's so insulting.
(blood splattering)
(grunting)
(somber music)
Zabimaru!
(struggling)
(groaning)
(groans)
(Byakuya yells)
Stop that.
Stop it or die!
Ban-
(grunting)
(groaning)
You fool.
You could have
stolen his Bankai.
Didn't you see he was
about to use it on me?
He was?
But, I thought it
was only Soul Reaper
captains that had Bankai.
You wouldn't have thought that
if you had bothered to
read His Majesty's Daten.
(sighs)
(sad music)
[Byakuya] Renji.
Rukia.
(sword cracks and breaks)
Forgive me.
(dramatic music)
(grunts)
Hmm?
Hey.
You the guy in charge
of these losers?
Kenpachi Zaraki.
You were able to kill
three Stern Ritters?
How?
It really wasn't
that complicated.
The first one, the
big guy, was a joke.
His thing was to turn
himself into a giant monkey
and blast his enemies
with his voice.
(chuckles)
I split that sucker in two.
The second guy kept yapping
instead of fighting.
Really got on my nerves.
So, I tore his throat out.
The third one was a
little more interesting.
He transformed himself into me.
I had my hands full at first.
'Cause after all, I was
sorta fighting myself.
So, I just became
stronger than my old self.
After that, it was
a walk in the park.
Now, I understand
why they call you...
A monster.
Yeah well, just stand
aside, pretty boy.
(sword swishes and blood splats)
You're not the one
I care about.
This one here's the
one I came to kill!
Your Majesty!
(skoffs)
(earth erupting)
(somber music)
Byakuya.
Renji.
Rukia.
Damn it!
(shouting)
Break, damn you! Break!
I won't let you die.
I won't let any of you die.
I promise you.
I promise I'll protect you all!
(alarm blaring)
We haven't been able to restore
the exit from Hueco Mundo!
Well, keep trying.
Yes sir!
(grunts)
(laughing)
Man, it must suck to be so weak.
I can't even imagine
how much that must suck.
Tell me, how much does
it suck to be you?
I really wanna know.
(groans) I'm no match for him.
Not that I blame you
for being scared of me.
'Cause after all, His Majesty
granted me the letter "O."
"O" for "The Overkill."
Doesn't matter if it's friend
or foe, or man or beast.
The more I kill,
the stronger I get.
I guess I must've killed
at least a hundred
people already today.
(groans)
It was about a hundred the
last time I was here, too.
I remember killing a
lieutenant just like you.
(gasps)
So it was you!
And this is how I did it.
(spear hurling)
What?
Wha...?
Head Captain!
(laughing)
Is this my lucky day or what?
Head Captain! Just the one
I came here looking for.
Now, with your own
lieutenant's Bankai...
I'm going to put an end to
your long and miserable life.
Bankai!
(dramatic music)
(electricity erupts)
(Driscoll chuckling)
Feel familiar? A real
blast from the past.
If what I heard's true,
the guy hadn't used
his Bankai in over
two thousand years.
But, you get to see it one
more time before you die.
You really oughta be
thanking me for this.
So, this is Lieutenant
Sasakibe's Bankai?
I thought Hyorinmaru
was the only Zanpakuto
with the power to
control the weather.
(yelling)
(lightning cracks)
[Chojiro] Master Eijisai!
Pardon me, Master Eijisai.
Back then, I was called Eijisai.
Because of the
scar on my forehead
shaped like the
Japanese character, "Ei."
I told you stop calling me that!
My apologies, forgive me sir.
For some reason, every
time I distinguished myself
in battle, the name "Eijisai,"
because increasingly
more famous than my given name.
I did not like that.
But, sir.
I am not so brazenly impudent
as to consider myself
worthy of calling you
by your given name.
What is wrong with you, anyway?
You're not even
one of my students.
Yet, day after day, I find
you lurking around here.
I come here in the hope
that you will allow me
to be your right-hand man.
Well, you'd have to be a
student of mine to begin with.
Then, if you rose to
the rank of master.
You might become one
of my right-hand men.
No. If I were your student,
I would only end up
copying you.
Then, how would I...
Be able to compensate for any
weaknesses you might have?
Watch your tongue, boy.
[Chojiro] Also, it's not
true that I'm here every day.
In fact, this is the first
time I've come in a month.
-Hm?
-And meanwhile,
I've done what you requested.
I have acquired
a Bankai, master.
Really?
Well then, let us
put it to the test.
Try out this new Bankai on me.
(sword slashes)
Bankai!
Koko Gonryo Rikyu!
(electricity crackling)
It was a magnificent Bankai.
He was not able to
defeat me, of course.
But, his Bankai did leave
its permanent scar.
Your Bankai is unrefined.
Yes, I know.
But, I will spend
the rest of my life
honing it and perfecting
it for one reason alone.
To better serve you, master.
He was true to his word.
After countless years of
relentless, grueling training.
There wasn't a person
in the Soul Society
who did not know Chojiro's name
and his fame was well deserved.
Once my wound
healed, the new scar
looked like the Japanese
character, "Ju."
So, everyone started
calling me Jujisai.
Sir, that scar is
only the result
of a lucky blow.
Therefore, to me, you
are still Master Eijisai.
Everyone, that is,
except Chojiro.
He stubbornly continued
to call me Eijisai.
So, for Chojiro's sake.
I took on the new
name of Genryusai.
(lightning explodes)
Head Captain, sir!
(laughing)
What's wrong, old man?
You haven't got the
strength to retaliate
against your dead
lieutenant's Bankai?
Or to even say something?
Huh?
(gasps)
(chuckles)
Oh, Chojiro...
(gasps)
I feel your frustration.
I can understand your
anger, old friend.
I share it.
We both know that
this is not the Bankai
you honed and perfected.
It's no more than a
pathetic imitation!
(upbeat music)
Watch your enemy burn.
Let this act of retribution
be my way of saying...
Farewell, Chojiro.
As for the rest
of the rebel army,
you need not worry
about them, either.
They shall all die by my hand.
Boy, is he mad.
The rebel army's in for it now.
I don't think...
I've ever seen the Head
Captain so angry before.
What do you know?
But, you're right.
Huh?
In all my years, I've
never seen him head
into the front lines.
Look at how hard the
Head Captain is fighting.
As Squad captain and
lieutenant, the very least
we could do is the same.
You're right, sir.
(screaming)
On your feet!
Will we lie here on the ground
while Master Genryusai
stands and fights?
Or shall we bring glory
to the Court Guard Squad
by fighting beside him?
(grunts)
Sir!
Whoa, hold on a second, no fair.
You guys were as good as
dead just a minute ago.
What the heck's going on?
Looks like we're
both in trouble now.
Old Man Yama's Spiritual
Pressure is reverberating
throughout the Seireitei.
Gives me the shivers.
Feels almost like
he's scolding me.
Like he's saying, "Shunsui,
I didn't raise you
to be a quitter."
"Or to lose a fight against
an opponent like that."
("Saihate" by SennaRin)
(singing in Japanese)
[Yhwach] You were one
of the special threats.
Kenpachi Zaraki.
This is really the
best you can do?
So feeble.
It seems that all this time
I've been overestimating
the Soul Society.
Now die.
(fire roars)
It had been a thousand
years, Yhwach?
Now I have come to
put an end to you.
Once and for all.
(chuckles)
[Genryusai] The heart burns...
Even though the rain falls.
-("Saihate" by SennaRin)
-(singing in Japanese)